# Week of 03-24-2020 - 03-31-2020

## Meeting Start Time

**2020/03/26/14:00**

# Meeting End Time

**2020/03/26/15:00**

# Location

## Zoom

# Present

## Alex, Brenden, Issac

# Minute Recorder

## Alex

# Topics Discussed

- Went over UI feedback.
- Went over vague plans for iteration 6.
- Talked about fixing up the clubhouse and group repository.